Whoever kills me, I'll count to three
Two I I I want to say I say
And I said, "Okay.
This is what Mr. Chen left at the eldest young master's wedding
Put Zhang's
Give Zhang Jiaquan to the eldest young master Xu Fengxian
He wants his own son to be the future
Future owner
So he instigated Chen Zhensheng
Even against the eldest young master countless
Xu Fengxian said that he wants to run away for the little participant
Ask me to buy herb mushrooms
But I see
Chen Chen put the mushrooms into the tea
Then something happened when you ate the leaves
In the past, I went to Liu Hong Kong and said to save some money.
It's the dish bought by Xu Fengxian
Let him replace his wife's depressants with vitamins
Then he suddenly came home
No more news
How are things going?
adult
Your grandfather was poisoned by Chen Zhensheng and died in Baicaopu
Sure enough, he hurt his father for money
It's just unpleasant
adult
10 years ago, Xu Feng bought a servant first
Replaced your mother's depressants with vitamins
That's what caused your mother's depression
Is it killing?
Xu Fengxian, Chen Zhensheng, you all deserve to die
About the Mercenary World
The murderer behind the money
I finally found it through technical means.
Who?